Employee Burnout Analysis Project
Overview
This project aims to develop a machine learning model to analyze employee burnout, including identifying patterns and predicting burnout risks. The project is implemented in Python using Google Colab for development and execution.

Table of Contents
Overview
Features
Dataset
Setup Instructions
Usage
Project Structure
Contributing
License
Features
Data Preprocessing: Clean and prepare the dataset for training.
Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA): Visualize and understand the data.
Model Training: Train machine learning models on the dataset.
Model Evaluation: Evaluate the performance of the models.
Predictions: Use the trained models to make predictions on new data.
Dataset
The dataset used in this project contains information related to employee burnout, including data on employee demographics, work conditions, mental fatigue scores, and burn rates. Ensure you have the necessary permissions to use and share the dataset.

Setup Instructions
Prerequisites
A Google account to use Google Colab.
Basic knowledge of Python and machine learning.
Steps
Clone the Repository:

sh
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/keerthireddy157/employee_burnout_analysis.git
Open Google Colab:

Go to Google Colab and sign in with your Google account.
Upload the Notebook:

Upload the Jupyter notebook file (employee_burnout_analysis.ipynb) to Google Colab.
Install Required Libraries:

Ensure you install the required libraries. You can do this by running the following command in a Colab cell:
python
Copy code
!pip install -r requirements.txt
Usage
Load the Dataset:

Upload your dataset to Google Colab and load it into the notebook. You can use pandas to load the dataset:
python
Copy code
import pandas as pd

df = pd.read_csv('path_to_your_dataset.csv')
Run the Notebook:

Execute each cell in the notebook sequentially. The notebook is divided into sections for data preprocessing, EDA, model training, evaluation, and predictions.
Save Results:

Save the results and model outputs as needed. You can download the results from Colab to your local machine.
Project Structure
kotlin
Copy code
employee-burnout-analysis/
│
├── data/
│   └── your_dataset.csv
├── notebooks/
│   └── employee_burnout_analysis.ipynb
├── models/
│   └── saved_models/
├── results/
│   └── model_evaluation/
├── requirements.txt
└── README.md
data/: Directory to store the dataset.
notebooks/: Directory to store Jupyter notebooks.
models/: Directory to save trained models.
results/: Directory to save model evaluation results.
requirements.txt: File containing the list of required libraries.
README.md: This README file.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please follow these steps to contribute:

Fork the repository.
Create a new branch (git checkout -b feature/your-feature).
Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add some feature').
Push to the branch (git push origin feature/your-feature).
Create a new Pull Request.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
